Filling out the handbook (#14)
pulibrary/dacs_handbook: work-cycles.md

# Team Work Cycles

We currently alternate between two types of work cycles

## Feature Work Cycles

Duration: Two Weeks

These include prioritized feature and substantive bug fix work on existing projects. Generally one of our two main team zenhub boards will be selected for "work" during the cycle. Also used for kicking off "new" projects. Active tickets for these weeks come from the "Ready" or "In Progress" columns on the board. 

> ## Maintainence Work Cycles 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Maintenance Work Cycles 
```

Duration: One Week 

> These include prioritized maintainence work for the "maintaniance" column in our zenhub board. These cycles include coverage of dependabot alerts, other priority security patches, and major/minor version upgrade work. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These include prioritized maintenance work for the "maintenance" column in our zenhub board. These cycles include coverage of dependabot alerts, other priority security patches, and major/minor version upgrade work. 
```
